I ask you
Did you kill Song Tianbao?
Not really. No, actually.
We dare not
We just put Song Tianbao
Imprisoned in the basement of the city lord's mansion
Confirmation is just captivity
I'll tell you what.
Next, you dare to put a little fake in your mouth
I'm going to kill your dogs right now!
YES YES YES
Cao Ling was exposed on the news a few days ago
This this
I know about Sotianbao.
You will definitely find us later.
So the two of us?
It's one thing and two things.
Implemented the necessary plan
But we definitely don't have the guts to kill Song Tianbao
Killing the city lord is a crime
Yes Yes Yes Yes
I'm afraid I'm holding the hostage as a trump card
Not really. No, actually.
Absolutely not.
We are just tools that Cao Lin uses to practice
Not even a cadre
King Chen, please forgive us
Who is the real accomplice of Cao Ling's rebellion?
These these
None of us are eligible
Do you know these things?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
We've already told you everything we need to know
We shouldn't know about the rest.
Okay, it looks like from your mouth
I can't say anything
But even if you are the tip of a spider's web
It has also poisoned Jinhai for so many years
Deserves punishment
Chen Zhanwang
Don't you forget.
Song Tianbao is still in our hands
We just want to live
Don't push us too far
Dare to take hostages as a demon risk
It seems
You two really have no remorse at all
That would be fine.
Wait until I kill you
I don't believe I'm still doing as I say
Sun Tianwang no no no
No, let it go
Let it go
Yes, yes, let it go now
Let it go now
Kill him kill him
Hey, send me Song Tianbao right away.
Absolutely not allowed to hurt a single hair, you know?
immediately
Give it away immediately